Document the process of sending an email. (#20)
srobo/volunteer-emails: README.md

# volunteer-emails
Log of emails to volunteers

## Sending an email to volunteers

1. Write your email in [markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).
2. Add metadata to your email. This should specify who the email is being sent to, and the subject. Take a look at previous emails for formatting guidance.
3. Fork this repo, and commit your email. The file should be named based on the _expected_ send date, in a directory corresponding to the competition cycle year.
4. Request the PR be reviewed. Either by using the 'Reviewers' functionality in GitHub, or by sending a message in [#volunteering](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/volunteering).

> 5. Once the PR is approved, request it be sent. Currently this requires either [`@jhoward`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/jhoward) or [`@abarrett-sprot`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/abarrett-sprot) in Slack (improvements in progress).

Reviewer: Maybe clarify that these are slack names (since the GitHub names are different)?

Author: Good catch, but i'm not sure it's necessary, it says "in Slack", and the links themselves are links directly to slack. Is that enough?

Reviewer: Probably. Maybe make the fact that you need to ask a human to do it more explicit?

```suggestion
5. Once the PR is approved, request it be sent.
    Currently this is a manual process -- ping either [`@jhoward`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/jhoward) or [`@abarrett-sprot`](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/messages/abarrett-sprot) in Slack (we hope to improve this in future).
```
